docs(config): add multi-namespace support (#2993)
latticexyz/mud: docs/pages/config.mdx

- **`codegen`**: a record of code generation options.

  - **`worldInterfaceName`** a `string`: The name of the interface for the `World`.
    The default value is `IWorld`.
  - **`worldgenDirectory`** a `string`: The directory for system and world interfaces.
    The default value is `world`.

- **`deploy`**: a record of deployment options.

  - **`postDeployScript`** a `string`: Script to execute after the deployment is complete.
    This script must be placed in the forge scripts directory (see `foundry.toml`) and have a `.s.sol` extension.
    The default is `PostDeploy`.

  - **`deploysDirectory`** a `string`: Which folder to put the deployment artifacts into after deployment.
    The default is `./deploys`.

  - **`worldsFile`** a `string`: JSON file for the chain to `World` deploy address mapping.
    The default is `./worlds.json`.

  - **`upgradeableWorldImplementation`** a `bool`: Whether the `World` is to be deployed behind a proxy to [enable upgrades
    of the core World implementation](/world/upgrades). The default is `false`.

## Single namespace

> This is an older config file format which is still supported.

Reviewer: We should put this section first. We're still going to continue supporting this single-namespace mode for simple apps that may not make use of multiple namespaces, to reduce both config and directory nesting.

The config is used to define:

- The tables in your project.

> - The [namespace(s)](/world/namespaces-access-control) that [`System`s](/world/systems) and tables will be deployed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [namespace(s)](/world/namespaces-access-control) that [systems](/world/systems) and tables will be deployed in.
```
let's use a regular noun for systems throughout rather than a proper noun or code snippet

- The `System`s in your project.
  By default, the deployer will find all Solidity matching `*System.sol` (so any file ending in `System.sol`, in any folder) and deploy them as public `System`.
  If you want greater control over your systems (to change their public access or their name), you can use the `systems` object in the config.
- The [modules](/world/modules) that will be installed in the `World`.
- The enumerations in your `World`.
- Deployment and code generation options.

## Multiple namespaces

Starting with version 2.1 you can put multiple namespaces in the same config file, you create a `namespaces` record and within it a record for every namespace.
For example:

### Sample `mud.config.ts` files

#### A namespace

This is an extremely simple configuration file with a single namespace that contains a single table.

> The `System`s are defined implicitly, as all the contracts that match `src/namespaces/app/systems/*System.sol`.

Reviewer: it's not required for systems to be under `systems` dir, only that they be named `*System.sol`

```typescript filename="mud.config.ts"
import { defineWorld } from "@latticexyz/world";

export default defineWorld({
  namespaces: {
    app: {
      tables: {
        Tasks: {
          schema: {
            id: "bytes32",
            createdAt: "uint256",
            completedAt: "uint256",
            description: "string",
          },
          key: ["id"],
        },
      },
    },
  },
});
```

**Source files**

> - `src/namespaces/app/systems` - `System`s that belong to the `app` namespace.

Reviewer: it's not required for systems to be under `systems` dir, only that they be named `*System.sol`

**Generated files**

- `src/namespaces/app/codegen/tables/Tasks.sol` - the generated code for `app__Tasks` table.
- `src/namespaces/app/codegen/index.sol` - a single file that imports all the table definitions of the namespace (in this case, only `Tasks.sol`).

> - `src/codegen/world/I*System.sol` - interfaces for all the `System`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `src/codegen/world/I*System.sol` - interfaces for all the `System` functions registered in the world.
```

        },
      },
      systems: {

>         RootSystem: {

Reviewer: can we think of another example? I don't think should promote "root" things

Author: I changed it. But in general, you often have to have some code with admin powers, and that code needs to be of limited availability.
